This was the awareness of a teacher who provided us with this knowledge.
The Prime Minister interacted with people who have benefited from the Jaipur Foot.
105 research proposals were received, out of which 31 have been recommended for funding.
The issue of street children and children who are into begging was highlighted by many of the participants.
These two minerals are required for electric vehicle which is one of the major missions of Government of India.
This revealed the northern arcade of Nila Gumbad  which was then reconstructed.
The Refinery will also provide feedstock for the integrated petrochemicals complex, which will be capable of producing approx.
Produce reduced which resulted in lower income and gradually the productivity of the soil also was going down.
A total of 61 aircraft are participating in the event out of which 31 are flying.
The cochlear implant technology may help children who:
The students include officers who are currently employed in their respective peacekeeping training centres in African peacekeeping training institutions.
This booklet discusses those small efforts which can save a lot of water.
The country which has youth who have mastery over IT but Facebook is being developed somewhere else
Earlier the increase in full immunization coverage was 1 per year which has increased to 6.
Cumulative crude oil production by ONGC during April-September, 2018 was 10676. 15 TMT which is 4.
The government is cognizant of emergencies or natural calamities, which cause a sudden surge in aviation demand.
He has described Indias farmers as our Annadatas who undertake great efforts to feed 1. 3 billion Indians.
Cumulative production by private refineries during April-October, 2018 was 52928. 79 TMT which is 1.
We need to strengthen our age old family system, which can provide support for people suffering from dispersion
The hall in which the Lichchhivi held their sessions was called the sansthagar.
This is a technique of farming which not only helps in irrigation but also in conserving the environment.
Friends, Maharaja Suheldev was among those heroes who had struggled for defending the honor of Mother Bharti.
It is the same commitment, which has seen over three hundred million LED bulbs being installed across India.
The one who does not siphon off that person too keeps a bank account.
All Infertile Indian married couple who want to avail ethical surrogacy will be benefitted.
Thus a New India is emerging which will be modern and competitive and yet caring and compassionate.
He said that some changes have been introduced in the NPS recently which were discussed during the workshop.
My dear brothers and sisters from all over the world who are present here.
Big enterprises and MNCs require global value and supply chain, which is not possible without MSMEs.
I am sure, Mizoram shall continue to provide sportspersons who shall excel on the world stage.
